my goodness they're gonna walk straight
on top of her this could blow it and she
was moving a tiny bit then she was
starting to move towards the wildebeest
and I think she's just been spotted she
has that zebras definitely seen
something that's gonna force her hand
she's gonna she's gonna move definitely
gonna force her hand she's going she's
going don't um ah
she's got that's it she's got one she's
got one I heard you know every time this
happens you think why is someone getting
excited about an animal being caught but
you know this is Tamil and she needs to
feed and she needs to look after herself
if those Cubs are going to survive and I
do feel for that wildebeest but I would
be a liar if I didn't say I am chuffed
that she's got a meal